Hello, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Hollywood, California, and the world-famous Meltdown comics.
And the even more famous Meltdown Theater with a vodka and ice are brought with great and long.
Harmon Town is in session one more time. Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmon Town, Mr. Dan Harmon.
I watch season four.
Jake, Sinora, Jake, Sinora.
I guess I already knew this, but apparently I'm quite a genius.
Not a fan?
I think I feel pretty comfortable expressing any kind of, not my cup of tea about it, because this has been expressed a thousand times over.
It's obviously not somebody doing what they do and trying really hard to make people happy. It is very much like an impression and an unflattering one.
It's just 13 episodes. I feel like I'm going back to work tomorrow morning and I just feel like, do I talk like that?
It's weird to think about the fork in the road before one in this situation, a situation which is very unique.
The weird thing that keeps eating at me is there's a system in place that's winning, because I would have had too much leverage, too much power, too much salary as would have a lot of writers coming into season four.
They replaced us with two guys, didn't know what they were getting into, went to Comic-Con, saw what was going on, people dressed as spacemen and bananas and shit, and going, holy shit, I cut myself every night and watch community, and they went, fuck.
They tried their best and I think that was the best idea, not the best idea as it turns out, but the most admirable kind of impulse was like, let's not let these people down.
If there's anything else we do, let's not let these people down.
Now you go back and I go, okay, well, watching that season, it's like I have such an impulse to just do the show that they probably got hired to do.
They could have just done a sitcom set at a community college and people would have gone like, what about paintball? What the fuck? What about chicken fingers?
But then five episodes later, regular people would have been like, oh, this is a pleasant little show set at a community college, and they would have beaten me.
The system would have won. I would have just crawled in her bridge and pooped in a bucket and just died, which is my worst nightmare.
That's why I came to L.A. is because that's how I felt in high school. That's how I felt in my parents' house. My whole life is just me trying to get people to stop going gross.
Just trying to trick them into liking me. It's just like, look, Joel McHale's saying something funny and it surprises me.
But the weird thing is, you go back and it's not like writers fighting other writers is the fucking American dream in the eyes of Sony.
That is what they want. They want creative people rewriting each other. They want creative people replacing each other. They want us interchangeable.
They want us, they want to think about writing the way they think about the guy on assembly line 24 that puts the final screw in the fucking PlayStation.
They want to think about us all that way. And I shouldn't even say they because it's an it. It's a fucking machine.
There's not a single person that works at that corporation that isn't also thought of like that by the fucking Skynet.
Like all of them, even the people that you go, oh, that douchebag, that fucking idiot, that vice president of fucking what's it, the head up his ass, dick, shit, fucking, fuckface, international.
So I can't wait for him to get fired. They're just going to replace him with someone else.
There's some other fucking prep school, frat ass fucking dipshit. The system just wants us all just fucking not being human.
But they accidentally, you know, in the quest for to recoup their investment, they made a TV show that with a bunch of actors that make people really happy.
And we got 13 more episodes. And it's like, you know, I like the idea that we've laced the opiates with just a little bit of activation, a little bit of humanity.
And like when you watch that show, you'll maybe go out and make a show of your own or something like that.
Do you feel pretty confident in your ability to go in there and like, you know, slam dunk this next season?
No, no, I don't feel confident in my ability to slam dunk anything.
Because I'll measure that, you know, slam dunking by my own standards. So the basket's always going to be one inch higher than I can jump because I have a weird complex about that.
I want to do the best I can. But I mean, I think that, well, how does it work coming out of that season that clearly is different than it was when you were there?
Like, tonally, like, your fans are going to be recognized that you're back. They're going to hear that tone again, hopefully, right?
And that will be a breath of fresh air.
Yeah, they're going to feel my loving kisses, yeah.
But it won't be in the form of a fucking matrix spoof.
Like, I'm back! Look at the wire! Like, I won't...
That's not what I ever...
You should do the wire. You should do a wire spoof right out of the back.
I mean, I was just, boy, man, watching those characters without me there is not fucking cool, man.
It's like, just flipping through Instagram, just watching your girlfriend just blow a million...
It's the worst. It is, like, all the comments underneath it. People going, like, well, season three kind of sucks. How do you know this wouldn't happen anyway?
Fuck you, fuck you!
Like, if on Facebook, like, if your girlfriend was with a new guy and it's like, you know, sometimes, like, Joanna and Dean are in a relationship and there's a heart icon.
And then, like, one of your friends is like, thumbs up! Detroit likes this!
Like, hey, come on! Don't even trip, dawg.
Alright. I left a voicemail. You guys know, you live in L.A., so you probably know this legend.
Bill Murray doesn't have, like, representation. He just has this 800 number at a voicemail line.
So I left a voicemail for him while I was watching season four. I called him and left a voicemail.
What did you say?
I just said, call me back.
Wait a minute. You had to preamble it with who you were.
I said, my name is Dan Harmon. I created an NBC show called Community. I would like to talk to you as soon as possible about the possibility of you...
Did you stutter that much?
Yeah.
Probably, yeah.
I didn't want to, like, try too hard or try to not try too hard, too hard.
So I just, it probably just sounded like a robot.
But I was just, like, today on a plane with Joel Murray, his brother, the youngest Murray,
and he was saying that Bill has recently done a TV guest on Something.
And before that, it was Silver Spoon or Different Strokes. That's how long it was.
Silver Spoon was the movie that Silver Spoon was based on.
Family Ties.
Was it Family Ties?
It was the alcoholic brother who ruined a corporation.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
Adam Goldberg.
I mean, we can't verify if he's right or wrong yet.
Adam Goldberg for the sociopathic win.
I don't know.
For the kill.
He's Machiavellian. He doesn't care.
He contributed, and I sneak out into the night, and then we'll all be like, what? There's no show called Family Ties.
But he'll be up to his neck and puss.
To his neck and puss.
So I left a voicemail for Bill Murray. Is there anything?
But do you know what happens next? What's pursuant to that?
Bill Murray calls me back, and we hang out.
Does he have somebody call you back? Do you know how that works?
No. I think he's like this weird, mysterious man.
I don't know. I mean, ask the guys that made Zombieland.
I think they just called his number and left a message, I assume.
I don't know.
I think he just calls you back and goes like, hey, it's Bill Murray.
I don't know. I know it's not going to happen to me, but it's like, I think it was a healthy exercise because I was watching the Jeff Meets His Father episode.
Of course, I always wanted Jeff's father to be Bill Murray.
I kept putting off the meeting between Jeff and his father because I kept hoping that somehow fate would allow for that.
To be the case, I named him Jeff Winger. His last name was Winger after Bill Murray's character in Stripes.
I just always thought that Jeff Winger's dad would be Bill Murray.
But there's something awesome about having any all of those preconceived notions kind of ripped away from you.
It's exciting.
How much for that fuck, Jeff?
There's something awesome about being held down and watching your family get raped at a beach.
It's liberating.
It makes you focus on what's important.
Happy Father's Day, by the way, everybody.
Did you call your dad today?
Yeah, I called my dad. Erin was calling her dad, so I had nothing to do.
My dad, one of the coolest things about him is that he knows how to do a quick surgical Father's Day call.
He's wanting to get off the phone as soon as I am, no sooner, no later.
Erin's dad will just hang up on her, which is a weird fantasy we all have.
I wish my dad wanted to talk less, but her dad is like...
Because she goes on and on?
No, I'm sure she does.
Erin's dad, by her report, has this weird phone behavior that is similar to people in TV and movies.
It's the way they never say goodbye or hello.
They just go, okay, well, I'll see you then.
And he just hangs up on her all the time.
You can ask her about it later.
My dad, because it is Father's Day, I talk so much sometimes when I'm talking to a microphone,
because a hamster that knows which lever gives him a treat.
I know that my parents were 70s hands-on parents, and I know that it's such a fucking button you can push to make people go,
oh, that's so cool, your dad hit you once.
And I think all of our parents, we're dicks, and the thing about being a parent is that it's a thankless fucking job.
If you're doing it right, it's thankless.
I think everybody in LA and everybody in our generation probably is starting to realize that there's an epidemic
among generation acts of parents who try to be their kid's best friend,
try to be perfect, and we're all seeing how those kids are turning out.
Parenting, when you atone with the father, as Joseph Campbell would say, you become an impersonal cosmic force.
You make it sunny, you make it rain.
The kid is never really going to do anything but complain when it's raining and do nothing when the sun is shining,
and your best reward is that they grow up into a human being and they go out in the world,
and they're not, you know, we're human beings.
How often do you, in the midst of your awesomeness, do you stop and go,
good thing my parents were born?
You're all about yourself, and you're on your own little adventure,
and your parents at best are like, you know, you remember fond things about the warm little cuddly memories,
or them just hitting you with a belt.
But my dad, I will say, because it takes too much longer and it's not as easy to say,
like, holy shit, my dad was awesome, like in very, very specific ways.
Your father, if you're lucky enough to have one, like, is the first guy you meet.
He is your male role model.
That means that the way that he treats women is, it's not necessarily how you're going to treat women,
but it is the first instance of a man treating a woman some way that you witness.
And I think I owe all of my fights with Aaron to kind of like the fact that I found a woman
that has a semi-compatible understanding of how a man and a woman fight constantly.
And we enact these dramas and all this stuff.
But if you go to enough therapy, you can wipe that out, you can recondition yourself.
As I've always said, Hitler's dad didn't kill 12 million Jews,
and if Hitler had a son, he wouldn't kill 3 million.
It doesn't work that way.
It's just, you know, anyone can be different from how they were raised or who they were raised by.
But the stuff that works, like, because there's no reason for you to overcome it,
that's the stuff that really counts.
I think my dad's, like, the coolest thing about him was he was just a self-made man.
And he just, and he never, he wasn't like Rodney Dangerfield and Taddy Shack.
It wasn't like, fuck you, society.
He was so low-born, my dad, that he never even got the cockiness to do it out of spite.
He only just, like, knew that no one would ever help you unless you helped yourself.
And every time, you know, every piece of wisdom I ever got from him,
while I watched him earn the money that we used to buy our food,
it was all the messaging that went into my brain about what a man's role is in this world
and within his family was very, very strong positive messaging
because my dad was a bootstrapper.
And just, like, died in the wool, fuck rich people, fuck kissing ass.
My dad said, I interviewed him for a sixth grade project.
I was like, interview your dad, and ask him 10 questions or something.
And I asked, I was a little sixth grade journalist,
and I interviewed him in the basement where he would hide and make stained glass
and try to forget about how much his dad hit him.
And I, you know, he would always wear this V-neck Hanes t-shirt
with a Sharpie pen, like, clipped to the collar
because he would, you know, he would just take the Sharpie pen
and, like, mark it all over the place.
I know that I'm also famous for sticking the Sharpie pen up my ass.
It's really not related, I don't think.
It smells like origin story.
It's certainly in the hands of a Christopher Nolan,
like, this is starting to come together, yeah.
But my dad, I remember my dad sitting behind this desk in this dark basement
while I sat there and tried to fulfill the obligations
of this elementary school interview project.
And I said, what's your advice to young people?
And my dad said, don't kiss anyone's ass.
Don't do it.
For the rest of your life, everyone will always tell you,
pick your battles, kiss a little bit of ass,
and then you get to stop kissing ass later.
It's a lie. They all just want their ass kissed.
They think that if they tell you that,
they're going to get to kiss less ass, too.
It's all garbage. It's all bullshit.
You have to just do everything yourself.
That's pretty spicy stuff for a sixth grade project.
Yeah, but he didn't, you know, in that regard, he didn't...
He wasn't kissing your sixth grade teacher's ass.
He wasn't kissing my ass. He wasn't talking down to me.
He wasn't, like, sugarcoating it.
He's talking to another little guy.
I think in a lot of ways my dad was, you know,
like, I can clearly see sometimes when I talk to his biological mom about his childhood,
you think about your dad as a child.
Like, that's the atonement with the father,
when you realize that your dad was once an animal out there
trying to figure things out.
I remember talking to his mom about...
She told me this story about how my dad
and the trailer part they grew up in.
He loved money because they didn't have any.
He didn't love it like Scrooge McDuck loves it.
He loved it like the monkeys in 2001 love a monolith.
He'd have, like, six single dollars,
and he'd keep them in a coffee can,
and he would iron them and wash them
and stack them up and count them,
and he kept them in a coffee can
and then had a special spot where he buried them
because he wouldn't keep them in the trailer where he lived
because that was less safe than burying it like an animal
because of the guys his mom would bring home.
So he had buried treasure.
And then at some point, I think someone got wise
and probably saw him.
I think I told my dad the story and my dad was like,
no, that was that fucking guy.
My dad knew who dug up his coffee can.
And my dad was all...
His mom was telling me this story when I was in my 20s
and I was like, holy shit, my dad was like a little guy
with a coffee can of dollars that got taken from him.
He was bullied. He was up against all odds.
My dad survived the polio epidemic.
He walks with... One of his legs is withered
because so many of his peers,
they got wiped out in this epidemic in the 50s.
But he survived it, but it cost him a bunch of muscle tissue
in one of his legs.
He's this kind of burly guy with these Popeye forearms
and this big red mustache and he walks with this limp.
And the limp somehow always made him more foreboding
than if he walked like a regular guy.
What was your phone call like today?
It was dumb, boring.
Fuck that guy.
No, no, no.
No, it's just, it's terse, you know?
My dad and I...
Like, I remember...
I remember being in my 20s
and being back in Milwaukee for some reason
and my...
I took a tour with my dad of this facility.
Here's the thing about my dad.
My dad was the video duplication king of the Midwest.
He started out mopping floors at a film lab in Milwaukee
and it was sort of like the Boogie Nights thing.
There was this new thing called VHS that started happening
and my dad told his boss, like,
I think that VHS is going to probably make a lot of this stuff obsolete.
All of this, like, film duplication that we're doing,
these slides that we're making for people who have cooking instruction videos
or whatever, like...
So, and his boss was like,
eh, come on, you know, whatever, like celluloid.
Who will ever defeat that for the transmission of information?
And my dad started his own company,
which meant that he took two VCRs and hooked them together in my bedroom
and duplicated a tape ten times for one client
that needed, like, a how-to-make-bread video duplicated or something.
Got enough money to buy two more VCRs
and then he rented a small office space and had two racks of VCRs
and was siphoning clients off of this company that he used to work for
because they're all going, oh, shit, VHS, this is where we're going.
And so my dad started that, wrote that way,
started his own business, like, ended up having, like, 50 employees
and a big building and making his own, you know, VHS tapes
and, like, a part of the building, like, really just, like, did it, you know,
like, took that business to its peak, sold it to his biggest competitor
who was, like, the video king of America,
and then, just as DVDs came along.
So there was a guy that worked for my dad
who started his own business after my dad sold his.
He had a DVD duplication facility.
And I was back in Milwaukee and I walked around with my dad
and this guy, who was basically my age,
but he was this guy that had worked for my dad for years
and the guy was showing him the DVD duplication facility
that he had created, this little ragamuffin, kind of, like, six-employee kind of operation
and my dad was looking around and he got the whole tour and he went,
huh, yeah, it's a pretty good operation you got going here.
And the guy said, yeah, I learned from the best
and I fucking, my eyes involuntarily started squirting water
and my heart, like, it's called crying, then.
Look, water is leaking from their eyes.
It's called tears. It is a symbol of their weakness.
Ming the merciless.
Because I realized, oh shit, God, this guy that came home at 10 p.m. every night,
he was fathering people that it was easier to father.
It was basing it on, like, what do you do?
And do you do it well?
You didn't cry because you were proud of your father.
You cried because you were, like, he had other surrogate children?
I cried because I suddenly, I just did this flood of realization.
It was like, when you're a kid and your dad goes to work
and your dad works that hard,
you think of work as being a beetle juice void outside the door
where there's sand worms and time doesn't exist out there.
And in that moment, I suddenly, it was like a sitcom epiphany
where it was like, oh no, work was family.
Work was young men who looked up to him
and who were, he was able to connect with
because they weren't his sons.
And they looked at him as an important man
and tried to impress him and regarded his favor as worthwhile,
whereas he had a much more complicated, messy relationship
with the guy that was generated from one of his loads.
How are we ever going to have that traditional father-son relationship
when work was what meant everything to him?
And then cut to him coming to LA for the first time
and it was back when Channel 101 had just gotten a pilot on VH1
and we were all hanging out in a bar, all these Channel 101 kids.
And my dad, I walked him out to his car after he spent that time.
You met him that night at the bar.
And it was like, we were just celebrating the fact that, oh god, we got,
we're going to do a sketch show that's based on Channel 101.
We've been doing this thing for no money forever
and now we're going to do a couple episodes of this thing
on this basic cable show and station.
And then we went out to the car and my dad was like,
I can't remember what he said.
He's like, oh, that's pretty impressive.
Got a lot of people in there and they look up to you a lot.
And I was like, yeah, well, I mean, I just wanted to be you.
That's all I understand a man to be.
And I just hugged him.
When you asked the question, how was the phone call for Father's Day,
it was like, it's nothing.
Have you eaten any deviled eggs lately?
Yes, I have.
They're good.
They're so deviled.
I got to go buy.
It's not even like there's a well of emotion pushing against the dam.
It's just like, it's never, that's not the channel through which
my admiration for him, my connection with him is ever going to exist.
That unconditional weird mammalian love where it's just like,
oh, my dad took the fishes, showed me how to throw a ball.
My dad was crippled.
He didn't know how to throw a ball.
He was a nerd like me.
But it's technical.
There's so much love there, so much importance, so much aberration,
but it's going through channels on the circuit board
that are not designed to carry that signal.
You're putting hugs through a fucking fiber-optic wire,
but the stuff is getting through there, and then sometimes it's, I don't know.
How old is he now?
30.
He also invented time travel.
I buried the lead on this.
I don't know, he's probably 60.
I'm a bad son, I don't know.
I don't know what color his eyes are, I don't know.
My dad, he was the super dad, he was 40 or 41 when he had me.
I've always known him, he just looked like George Clooney
with salt and pepper hair, and he could throw.
He taught me how to throw a fucking curveball
when you weren't allowed to in Little League,
because it was bad for your arm, which is why my right arm is no range of movement.
I can scratch the back of my head with my left arm,
and my right arm doesn't do anything,
because I could throw a wicked breaking ball as a child.
They found out that throwing balls is bad for kids' arms?
They said that you're not allowed to throw curveballs
because it's a really unnatural movement on your shoulder and elbows and stuff.
I played tennis and stuff, but also he could fix anything, do anything.
He was like Monpojo, he moved west from Nebraska,
and I was just in Nebraska two days ago,
50 miles away from the Davis farm where he was born in between two towns,
and they really moved during the Dust Bowl,
and he farmed beans and hops and whatever grew,
and he went to Oregon, then came down to California,
and then by the time he was a teenager, he had hit a car,
and he went to the Korean War and then came back,
and he was like this really groovy Californian guy,
but he could build and do anything.
He's like a fuck-off artist.
He could draw or paint, sculpt, anything with his hands he can do,
engineering of any sort.
If a horse nearby was winning, and he goes,
the horse is giving birth, I'll be right back.
He's the guy that could do it.
If the captain and the navigator and the copilot all had bad fish,
and the plane's going down,
the fuselage of the plane would instinctively look at my dad,
and go, that's our man.
And he's 80 years old, but he came and saw a show
in Vegas with Drew Carey and the Hooseline gang,
and he's white hair, kind of a turtleneck and a jacket,
and he's kind of swallowing looking,
and we just had a conversation,
that were younger than me, my age, older than me, his age,
kept crossing the casino to come up to him and say,
excuse me, I'm sorry, we have to tell you,
you're the most debonair man we've ever seen in our life.
And he doesn't have a big mouth.
I talk too much. My dad doesn't.
He just sits there, and looks like he could land the plane,
and he's the fucking best.
I've met, for the podcast listeners,
this is probably an oversimplified,
but just so you have a visual,
like Jeff's dad, kind of like J. Peterman from Seinfeld.
Yeah, I think I know what you're talking about.
But we were kids, we were in Maui on a vacation,
and someone yelled on the beach like,
there's a woman out there, she's drowning.
There's an old lady that got swept up in the curtains.
She was just floating out there.
There was a dead woman out there,
and I just remember that moment,
or if people just look around,
what are we gonna do?
And then, before you can even look back,
my dad is out there, and he pulls her in,
and he's giving her CPR, she was dead.
It was like, there was no helping it.
But it was just like, my memory of my dad is like,
he could fucking do anything.
If this room caught fire, we'd all sit here and go,
oh Jesus Christ, we're gonna die.
But if my dad were in the room,
and you hadn't seen him yet,
so there he is. And my dad would look around,
and he would stick his tongue out slightly.
His tongue would go out a little bit,
and that meant, I'll fix it.
And I told my dad years ago,
he's a stoic, he's working class,
he's a hard worker, and he's not really emotional.
My mom is really emotional, I'm more her emotionally.
I cry watching you talk about your dad right now.
I'm the first one to cry.
My dad is very stoic, but not in a tough, fast way.
He keeps it in.
And I told him one time, I wrote him a big card
to say how much I love him, and I'm gonna start crying.
I warn you already.
I'll try not to, but I wrote him this big card,
it's like, no fuck, this is stupid.
I'll just call him, so I called him up,
and told him how much I loved him, how much I looked up to him.
And he was like, what?
I was like, dad, all I do is brag about you.
I listen to my friends' stories.
And I was a booger-eating turd monster.
I was two, I was two years old.
I didn't have the word power.
You were back then a booger-eating turd monster.
Now you're a hero.
I told him, I said, compared to my friends' dads,
you heard these stories, these conflicts,
and these battles, and the distance and stuff.
I said, if I grow up to be like half,
or like a third of the man, a third of the father,
if I had a third of your work ethic,
I'd be the coolest person in the world,
like currently, like other than you.
I could smash a third of the pus.
Oh, yeah.
My dad got drunk one time, were you there?
We went out and had drinks one time,
and my dad lived near Laguna Beach,
and Dan and I went there, and I had to take a stupid business call,
and I came back in, and they were like best friends.
And my dad had a couple beers, and started telling a story
about the sexiest, like, getting laid story of all time.
I'd never heard it before, but the thing is,
I'd never been out with the boys,
it was just me and like, usually family stuff.
But he told this amazing story,
and you also know that that's not the beginning of it.
Like, he clearly is a...
I told my dad, like, we're getting less...
He's a professional pus masher.
Like, the Davises are getting less cool.
I'm the least cool, David.
My brother's better than me.
On the Mayan calendar, it's, yeah,
the seventh world, it's like...
Well, I went to Nebraska, and I'm meeting people,
and you walk down the street, and these people,
they kind of walk tall, and they're very sweet,
and they're very nice, and they're very focused,
and they seem to enjoy their lives out there,
in a way that, like, if you go to a restaurant here in LA,
people don't like what they're doing.
They've got to be something else.
They're not a waitress. They're not a fucking actor.
They're like, I don't do commercials.
I'm a film actor!
Everybody's bigger than what they're currently doing,
so nobody's ever fucking pleased with themselves.
And that's a good thing, too.
Ambition can be good, it can be bad,
but it was really cool, like, being 50 miles away
from where my dad was born.
My grandma told me a story, because my grandma was the coolest.
She died, like, when she was 87, I think,
and the smartest, funniest,
and just tough as fucking nails,
and never had a sniffle in her life
until she was so old that she just, you know,
like, I'm just going to slowly fall asleep
and die with a smile on my face.
And she was the coolest.
And she said, she made these beans.
She made red beans.
And I would go to her house, and the guy was broke.
I was in high school and college, had no money.
And I would go there, and she'd always have this big-ass kettle
of beans in the fridge, and it was the most delicious
thing I'd ever had in my life since I was a baby.
I loved it, and she'd always make it for me.
And one day she's looking at me, and she's like,
you really like those beans?
This is my favorite thing in the world.
And she goes, it's so funny.
It's like, I feel so bad about that.
It's like, when I was, when your father was a little boy,
we were, you know, we were,
like in the dust bowl, and we were traveling,
just our tenement farmers.
That's all we had.
All you had was food that you could dry and
put a little water on and make something out of.
She's really good at making beans delicious.
And he's like, we ate beans for breakfast,
lunch, and dinner, and your father
loved them every meal.
And he would come in, and he would sing a little song.
And he would go, cuckoo beans, cuckoo beans,
cuckoo beans, and he would do a little jig in the kitchen.
And she would, like, cry.
Because she's like, you should be having meat.
Like, you should be eating something.
And if there was ever a chicken,
if it was in August, that was Thanksgiving.
Because there was not going to be a chicken.
And so she's like, and she's like,
my grandma was too old and too cool and too
way too stoic to start crying about that.
She's like, yeah, I felt like a bad mom.
Like, because, you know, I couldn't believe
your dad liked beans that much.
I was like, well, you fucking make really good beans.
N-word?
Yeah, I want to, I actually want to,
I want to keep the touching Father's Day
theme going with a special guest
in a minute. But I also want to,
I just kind of like,
someone did a sarcastic wolf whistle.
Ooh, Father's Day
episode.
This thing's really heatin' up.
They think Chevy Chase is coming out.
And by the way, I think it's like a,
I think it's like a post-25 thing,
not to make a sweep, because it's like
a post-25 thing, not to make a sweeping
generalization, but I think probably this
audience being your demographic, people are coming
out on a Sunday night to a comic book store to watch
Fat Guy that got fired and blah, blah, blah.
Like, you're cussing on that age
when you're going to start
getting melodramatic about your parents.
And it doesn't, I mean, honestly,
like, I, nobody, like,
you're allowed to think they're assholes.
Like, it's not, nothing drove me more nuts
than people I would complain about my family
and people go, yeah, but that's your family.
That's all you've got.
I'd be like, fuck you.
Like, fuck you and
fuck them.
You're better than my family because I'm allowed
to walk away from you and I'm going to do that
now because you just told me to love my family.
Like, there's
25-year-olds, were there
spankings?
There were, no?
50-50?
An eruption of, yeah, yes, as a nose.
I mean, as a...
There was fucking corporal punishment when we were kids.
I don't, like, now, like, you see kids,
I was on a, when I flew out through this gig,
we were in first class and there was a woman in front
with a two-year-old child who's going to have
the ear-popping thing and the child's going to be miserable.
And we all know that. And so no one's going to be a bad,
no one's going to go, oh, jeez,
kid in first class, man, man, man.
Because it's small enough plain, it's going to be a crying kid no matter what.
But the kid wasn't the problem.
The mother was a piece of garbage.
And she was up and down and haranguing the flight staff
and apologizing to everybody about her kid.
It's like, the kids, the kids too,
you're an asshole, you're a bad mom.
And then we found out when they all got up at the end of it,
the father and the older daughter were sitting right behind them
and never said a word.
They just played it cool.
And let this poor woman run around. I was like,
I wanted to punch me and everybody, it was the worst.
I remember flying as a kid,
I didn't cry because I knew if I did,
I would be on the fucking wing.
Like, there was, you did not,
you were not allowed to be an asshole kid
when spanking was like,
like legit.
Alright, so we have a son
that we've adopted here in Harmontown.
I like to think so.
His name is Spencer, he's our Dungeon Master,
he's our boy.
But you know, he has a real father
as well, who is here tonight.
And I was hoping he could come up
and we could have a little chat with him.
Andy, are you willing to come up?
This is Spencer's dad.
Grab, yeah.
The father of our Dungeon Master,
Spencer Crittenden, Andy Crittenden, everybody.
So you are,
you are the creator
of the creator of,
of Worlds.
Oh yes, I,
I did create him with a load
and he's so awesome.
Worlds,
grossest callback.
It's amazing how little men
have to endure at the actual
inception, you know, like that.
It's so funny because like,
yeah, I mean, it's not so funny
that it's certainly not new territory
to tread, but it's like,
but how much more seriously
we take it.
And I don't think,
I don't think we shouldn't take it seriously.
I, I, I find,
I think that,
like, especially when I started getting
into Joseph Campbell and stuff, like, like,
the theme that kept flying off
of these pages to me was like, oh,
we have lost the father-son
axis.
We have, we have lost this, this, this power
because like, if a,
if a father loves his son,
fuck loves, like if a father
and son respect each other,
that, that like
line of power, like, that you see
in Star Wars and stuff,
even when the dad is a piece of
shit, the, the,
it's so much more powerful than any system.
And, and I think
that, I don't, I don't believe
in conspiracies, I don't think anybody's ever
deliberately done anything because I don't think any human being is smart enough
to do it. I think systems are smarter at doing what
systems do. I think systems
are in the process of,
of completely, like,
dissolving the father-son bond.
I think that, like, like, that we
regard much the same as that we go,
like, oh, those towers blew up,
like, who are those guys? Well, there are a bunch of guys
that could put funny things in their head, they believe
in God, they, oh, they think that God's going to give
them a snake when they die.
Everybody go to City Bank and go to
Toys R Us and just play, play cool.
Like, we're, we,
things that are
mythical and powerful and
special that don't have anything to do with a
dollar-changing hands, like
this system that is driven by
dollars-changing hands is, like,
like, jumping on it and
corroding it. And that's why
every prom night, every, every son,
you know, has a drunken
fucking wrestling match with his dad on the kitchen floor
because when he was
13, they didn't go out in the woods and
get circumcised on a tree stump.
Your thoughts, Spencer's dad?
Well,
just, just a couple thoughts about
his birth, if I might.
And he'll probably
kill me for this later, but since he brought up
circumcision,
the, uh,
when, when he was
born,
he was
a, he was a really
large baby and,
uh,
he came out, and this was my second child,
he came out with, like, a beard.
No.
A giant red testicles.
I mean,
these things were, like, like the size
of your heart. They were so big. The size of
my heart? Yeah, literally.
Aww, how romantic.
Which was a little bit
worrisome, you know.
Wait, you mean the size of an adult
human heart? Yeah, no, they were,
they were like a softball.
Right. I should point out,
so, most people in the audience don't work in the testicle
industry.
The human heart is a standard unit of measure for
the testicle size.
Your son has three heart testicles.
You're saying that not
each testicle was, was, was his own human
heart, the entire unit of both testicles.
Yeah, the whole sack and everything. Human heart
was this size.
Yeah, so,
the other interesting thing
about his birth was, um,
his mom had a C-section,
and so when you have another C-section,
they don't want to cut as far.
Um, because, because of muscles
and everything, so they don't cut as far as
they did on the first C-section, and he was
bigger than our first son.
And so as a result,
he was actually
looking around in the world before he was
technically born. His head was
out of, out of Diane's
body. We got this great kind of science-fiction
alien baby shot.
He's kind of just, you know,
you got the blood and all. This looks like
Quacho from Total Recall.
And he's, he's
just kind of looking around like,
do I really want to come out?
And I think
as we know, you know, some
24 years later, the answer is he probably
wished he had. Yeah, I know.
He, he seems like a guy who,
yeah, who considers all of this
a, a, a, a, a
barely tolerable interruption. Exactly.
As he does his father, by the way.
Well, let's talk about that.
I mean, I, you know, you, you, you seem like a
delightful guy.
Spencer is
clearly a delightful guy.
But you're his father
and he's your son. So, like, like,
like what? I mean, like,
we're in the green room and
Spencer has that, like,
he, he has that Spencer face,
or Spencer lack of face on.
And you're, you're, you're sitting
there and you're in your sneakers and
you're, you're, you're, you're, you're delighted
and you're, you're, you're, you're funny.
Like, like, I, I'm trying, I want to
ask Spencer, like, like, is your dad,
is your, is your bum that your dad's here?
Is he, is he embarrassing you? Because, like,
kids get embarrassed by their parents,
by default. Doesn't matter how cool they are.
Doesn't matter. Like, like, and I just,
what's my question? I, I just,
like, like, like, what is,
what is it? Like, okay,
here's my question.
I would, because
in my wildest dreams, I would
have a, if I would
were to have a son, I would,
I would be so relieved if the doctors
could show me some kind of
chronological sonogram and go,
you're gonna have a Spencer.
You know, you're gonna, he's gonna be,
he's, he's not, he's not
gonna be doing pull-ups for a living.
Uh,
he's gonna design dungeons,
he's going to
be very smart and fair
and, and, and honest and have a high
IQ and, like, uh,
uh, like, like,
like, I would be
so much happier about that than if
they said, well, Channing Tatum
is gonna come out and, you know,
he'll be great. People are gonna love him in this movie
and, uh, he'll be great
at football. Uh, but, so,
so, and I, I, I, I kind of get
the vibe that you, like,
you, but, but he's your son.
So do you,
is there frustration there?
Where do you...
Well, the hardest thing about Spencer is,
is it's hard to raise a child
who's twice as smart as you.
Um, you know, I mean,
when he was, like, six or seven,
he told us what he wanted to do for his birthday party.
And then he proceeded
to organize all the kids
and he did, like, uh,
he got this little Casio keyboard
and they wanted to play a version of musical chairs
and so I said, okay, let's start.
He goes, no, dad. And he took it away from me
like organizing the kids
and doing all this stuff and, and, uh...
Nathan will sit over there.
Yeah.
Exactly.
The cake
will be shaped like a skull.
Candles emerging from its eyes
sockets.
Eight obelisks set a flame.
The power
of my birth will be recognized.
Yeah.
But, but he kind of had a twisted sense
of humor.
Don't worry about that.
We were at the beach.
He was in junior high and we were at the beach
and he got on his mind, he wanted to, uh,
catch a seagull.
So, this is in Manitura somewhere.
So how do you catch a seagull?
Well, like any animal, you set up some food
and so he told us what to do.
Kind of half buried himself in sand
and then put a towel over himself.
And then we
had, like, Cheetos
about ten feet away leading to right
on top of his chest.
And, and then he waited
and he was very patient.
I mean, I would use a box.
It sounds like he wanted to catch and terrify a seagull.
Well, he did.
And, and, and I want to tell you
all of us humans, there's a reason
we have these brows here
because he caught the seagull
with the towel and wrapped it around
and the seagull went
and all Spencer could see
is like the seagull's throat
coming at his eye.
And obviously this protected his eye
from getting pecked out at which point
you realize as a parent this probably wasn't the smartest thing
that you could do.
But so he caught the seagull
and then, then, I don't know why
but he had some string
and he tied it to his foot
and then he kind of flew him around like a kite
for the rest of the day.
Well,
it's like
that scene from Game of Thrones
with a dragon.
Yeah, it's Spencer Joffrey.
Then you give him a crossbow
for his 16th birthday and
I mean, so,
Wait, wait, wait, no, no, no.
What happened to the seagull?
Well, we decided that
somebody might come along at a certain point
and find us after some people were
kind of pointing their fingers at us and stuff.
I mean, did you just let it go and hit it?
Yeah, still got a string attached to it to this day.
Oh, probably so.
I mean, if you
ask Spencer a question about anything
it doesn't matter if you're asking about his relationship
with his father or the economy
or what we should do next week for
D&D or how he's feeling or what he had for lunch.
I mean, he's kind of got that
he's staring off
into space and talking like this
and yeah,
yeah, my dad's here.
And it's like,
have you ever
I just
like, is it a thankless job
like I was describing earlier?
Like, do you feel like, hey,
fuck you, man, like, I'm your dad.
Like,
be a
fan of mine.
Yeah, it's somewhat thankless.
But it's hard because
he's right in that wheelhouse age you're talking about
where you see,
you start to see a transition
and you know, I've been trying to get Spencer
to
move on with his life for a while.
Which he just has, he's just moved out.
Yeah, yeah, like a month ago.
I've been trying for three years but he thinks
he thinks it's because
I hate him and I'm like
well, to me
the biggest value of college
is that you're getting out of the house
and learning
to live on your own.
And he didn't
know that college he decided not to
because, you know, he was
too smart.
Well, a lot smarter than all of his teachers.
Yeah, I went to college and
it's not all it's cracked up to be.
Yeah, I went to college and got a degree
and I say it's not all it's cracked up to be.
I dropped out, I started doing
getting out of your parents' house
was like, the thing that I needed to do
was go smoke two packs of cigarettes a day
and do stand up and drink a lot.
Like, kind of fine,
but I don't want to get him into a roulette ball.
You just need to get the world spinning underneath you
and you're just going to land somewhere
specific and it can't be your parents' house.
Right.
And who knows where it's going to lead.
I feel like we should get Spencer up here
because we need to
protect me.
Somebody help me!
Somebody help me, somebody help me!
Check, check, check, check, check,
check, check, check, check, check, check,
Check, check, check, check to the world.
It's a good-looking crowd.
So when did your balls, uh-
Yeah, okay, I got to clear something up real quick.
When I was looking around, uh, mid-birth, I wasn't like,
I'm not so sure I want to come out here,
I was like, hey, you guys, don't freak out.
But my balls are huge.
I've been watching him for nine months.
I'm smart enough to know balls don't need to be this big.
They went back to normal, trust me.
I don't believe you.
There's going to be this whole movement, like show us your scrotal certificate.
Or just take your balls out.
I'm behind a table.
Is there anything?
Meaning they're already out.
I've always had my suspicions.
Yeah, yeah.
Spencer has polyhedral balls, just pointed 20 sides.
You just recently moved out of your place.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You were living with your parents and now you're, and I don't know, like Spencer was
working in the back of the Apple store.
Now I'm bringing him on as, then this doesn't seem like a glorious upgrade, but Spencer's
going to be my personal assistant as I'm working over at Community.
But really I want it to be like kind of an apprenticeship because you're a creative guy
and I think you have writing aspirations and certainly have writing potential.
I think, I kind of trust you.
Like I always have a difficulty with, like when you have an assistant, like when I was
talking earlier about how my dad's in the trailer park and blah, blah, blah, don't kiss
anyone's ass.
Part of what comes with that is like, don't tell other people what to do.
Don't be a fucking dick.
You don't have it on your right, and that really gets in the way of delegating rooms
full of writers and having someone get you coffee and all this stuff.
You feel like you want to apologize every time you ask someone to do something, but that
just makes it more uncharismatic and oftentimes you're just doing more harm than good.
My point being, yeah, I mean, you're going to follow me around now, you're going to sit
in the writer's room and sit there with your beard and watch me work with the writers on
a community.
It's a crazy trajectory because you came to Harmontown, Spencer, without telling anybody
that you really felt like you should be playing D&D with Dan Harmon.
Then that night, he says, anybody here, Dungeon Master, you do.
You come up, you're in the show, we go on tour together, and you're a huge part of our
show now.
We've taken him away from Andy here, he's moved out to Hollywood.
But Andy was pushing that rock out the door for three years.
I wish I lived where Spencer does right now, just down the street from Paramount.
That's going to be perfect.
Yeah.
Just down the street.
I'm still processing it.
I guess.
Wait, wait.
So you've got a place.
Three doors down from Paramount?
Four doors.
Did you foresee, did you foresee working on community like you first saw playing D&D with
Dan?
No, it's all just bullshit, man.
It's crazy.
It's, you know, Jackson is a guy who I met through Dustin.
We all share similar birthdays, so we met at like a joint birthday party we had.
Jackson is a guy who comes to Harmontown all the time.
Yeah, and so he's a cool guy, and so we got to talking and we went to an arcade and played
some video games.
I mean, you know, talking, nerd stuff.
This is why the moon colony is going to work, because society is going to be, instead of
elections you just have shamanic coincidences.
That's all it's been.
And then he just, one time he was like, hey man, you should come room here.
It's really cheap, and it was the first time I'd like seen any place I could move out to
that was within my money.
I had just gotten the job at Apple not too long ago increasing my income, but you know,
still finding an affordable place was alluding me.
And I've watched a lot of documentaries about cults and things, and I see where everyone
gets tripped up, like cults that work.
They all start with an awesome guy like me saying, hey, it's cool, man.
I'm not awesome, and then everyone's like, yeah, but you are, and I'm like, all right,
if you insist.
And then you go and get a place like on the moon, or in Maui, or something.
And the downfall is always when the old fat guy at the top that started it all starts
to go, yeah, you know, and it's like, hey, you know, if you're 16 and you're a girl,
you know, like, hey, ooh.
And you find a rose in your pillow at night, so that means it's time for you and I to play
Monopoly.
Are you going to fuck Spencer?
What's going on here?
Where is this going?
I'm making my promise to our moon colony that I will not fuck your daughters or you.
I am in love with Aaron, and I will stick to the, you know, because it seems like that's
the shoelace that trips every cult leader up, that when they, when they, when they, when
they go like, they just can't avoid the temptation, they go like, oh, and I could really parlay
this and just smash in some puss.
And it's just like, it's not worth it, you know, it's, it just fucks everything up.
What was that?
Hey, Aaron, what was the name of that documentary?
Who's that guy?
The Source Family.
Please, everyone watch.
I'm not kidding.
It's like laughing.
Hey, it's really interesting.
Aaron, just get out here.
Aaron McAthe, everybody.
No, no, please watch this documentary called The Source Family.
It's amazing.
I recommended the WikiLeaks thing.
And I want to stress, I got, I got a couple of tweets from WikiLeaks impassioned people.
I did not mean to imply that the documentary WikiLeaks, We Steal Secrets is somehow like
the full story.
I got, I got like all these tweets that were like, you know, from people that I think are
probably on the right side of justice and stuff who are like, yeah, that documentary's
bullshit.
I always leave a third party makes a documentary about something that you're that, you know,
like into the, and it's two hours long, you're going to think it should have been six hours
long and should have included this and that and that and that and that.
This is a two hour documentary that like tries to objectively or like, like, like concisely
kind of like, like explain this like fascinating story.
I never said, oh man, this is the final word on whether you should respect anything.
I think systems suck.
I think Julian Assange seems like an awesome fucking guy.
I don't, I don't know what like how fair that documentary is in terms of how many details
I've had to cut out in order to be two hours long.
But anyways, I, when I recommend something, it's because it's, it's, it's like, it's
interesting to watch it for two hours.
So two, two more recommendations.
Watch this source family documentary, it'll blow your fucking mind.
It's about this cult that I've never heard of before.
It's an amazing study in the, in the evolution of a cult, which is not necessarily an evil
thing.
Like a cult, it's just like, cults are neither good nor bad.
They're just this phenomenon that spring up and happen.
And, and then also we went and saw this is the end tonight at the Arclight.
It's a very funny comedy movie everyone's like, I can get behind a big mainstream successful
comedy movie.
I was delighted by it.
Go see it.
Seth, Seth Rogen's back everybody.
Kevin's.
I felt like I was 10 years old watching Ghostbusters again.
I was like, it was really, really funny.
If anyone goes and sees this is the end and thinks that it's not worth your ticket price,
I will, I will debate you online because I've seen a lot of shitty movies.
I'm 40 years old.
I'm really jaded.
The last thing I'm going to enjoy is a movie about a bunch of famous yahoo's playing themselves
in a screwball comedy.
Like I, I, I thought it was delightful.
All right.
Spencer, what's your thoughts on that?
Spencer, don't toe to toe with your dad.
Yeah.
Fight.
Father's Day fight.
Let's, let's clear the air.
Let's clear the air right now.
Okay.
First of all, tell him you love him.
I love you.
Could we get that in more yet then?
Now standing on top of a stage, Spencer is awkwardly goaded into showing affection for
his paternal relatives.
And then, uh, I, I, Spencer, you got balls as big as your heart.
That's the show, right?
And, and my first, that's, that's my tombstone.
Uh, I assume your, your dad should play Kumail's character, Kumail.
Oh yeah.
That'll be awesome.
Yeah.
Kumail, not Johnny, can't make it tonight.
So.
Has your dad ever played D&D with you?
Not to my knowledge.
Oh, so this is a very special Father's Day episode.
It really is.
I did it.
I, I really, I have a great podcast.
It's just, I don't even work at it.
It's just my voice, you know?
If you were to fire me, Jeff, uh, I think we would, the critics would go, something's
missing, something's missing.
I think something's missing.
What the fuck do you think is missing?
Unbelievable.
The outrage.
Like, like, like, like, I had so much retroactive outrage, I can't talk about it.
It's too uncharismatic.
I just have to sit on my totally justified outrage.
All the arguments I looked at online, I was like, well, I think season three was so shitty
that season four, it just seems like, are you fucking kidding me?
Fuck.
Mother fuck you in the fucking mother fuck.
Fuck you.
Fuck your mother with your father.
Like, like, fuck you, man.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, you,
you, people hate me that much that they're that willing to debate the possibility that
I wasn't fuck you.
Like, like, like, wow, I must be really unlikable.
Jesus.
Well, I'd like to say, I think the key to the success of the podcast, because my wife
and I have discussed this, is really that your heart is as big as Spencer's balls.
All right.
I just got the key to the city.
And also, I can say with almost certain lack of fear of contradiction that we have a title
for our next episode.
Is it your heart is as big as Spencer's balls?
Balls with big as Spencer's heart?
I don't know.
Oh, man.
This is redundant, but you should know that everyone in the booth was crying when you were
talking about your dad.
When I say everyone, I mean Dustin Marshall, our producer.
We had to cry.
I mean, it's, well, the father son stuff is, and it's not a fake thing.
It's like when you watch Lion King, when you read Hamlet, when you father son stuff just
like gets you, like, because there is a power there.
I mean, like, it's almost unfair because the reason the power is there is precisely because
there's not an actual visceral connection on the level of the actual people that are
carrying the child, squeezing it out at their own peril.
And if that child should be female, you know, the bond between, it's like us of the dangling
wee-wee, when you have a little wee-wee and you use your little wee-wee to make another
thing with a little wee-wee.
We let us of the dangling wee-wee be your cult name.
You know, it's like, because there is absolutely nothing, that wee-wee, that male symbol, you
know, the universal symbol for male and female, the male one is like this circle with an arrow
coming out of it.
I think that's so potent because it's like men are just this cursed half of the species
that have a life expectancy of, you know, what, 20 years less.
And we lose our hair as we get older because we're riddled with this disease called testosterone.
We don't actively create with our bodies, which life in the beginning before the development
of sexual reproduction, all cells were these asexual, reproducing cells.
Like if you, all life was in the same soup and life meant creating new life.
It meant that you were never more than one unit of life away from a thing that was actually
you in some real way.
And then when plants were, you know, developing and trying to figure out how they could develop
faster, sexual reproduction started happening, which would carry it into a biological, what
do you call it, whatever, it was more advanced than plants.
Like men, drones, like these things that create sperm and we just shoot it wherever we can
shoot it.
Like we kind of like walk the earth and like we're disconnected from God.
And we fetishize that and we have a big murder complex about it.
So we build skyscrapers and missiles and they could just hate yourselves and each other.
I'm going to make a bigger hole in the world before I leave than you and I'm going to fuck
more pussy than you.
Because we're just nothing.
It's like, I'm not saying feel sorry for men.
It's just like, it's amazing like how we, I don't know, I lost it.
It's amazing.
Cum is amazing.
Happy Father's Day.
May your balls be with your heart.
The moralist, Dan loves cum, you guys.
Just take that away.
I love cum.
You can't throw any of it out.
I love cum, Spencer's dad.
Your son's coming to work for me on Monday.
It's going to be great.
Neverland Ranch.
Alternate title, I love cum.
All right.
Erin, you called your dad, right?
I did.
I called my dad.
My dad actually left a Father's Day.
My dad calls me when it's Father's Day or his birthday in the morning and leaves a voicemail.
He left me a voicemail about Dan speaking about that father-son connection.
I mean, my dad's so excited about you.
He wants you to be his son.
So he called me asking me about you.
But yeah, my dad has an adorable habit of hanging up on me, which isn't...
It's not cold.
It's like, hey, Erin, how's it going?
Oh, it's going great.
Dan and I are hanging out.
We're about to get dinner.
Oh, good, good, good.
My day was good.
I grilled and I hung out with a wife and I took a nap.
It was a real great day.
And then click.
They're just like, hang up.
And they're like, yeah.
Hello?
Maybe because he was in the Navy.
He thinks it's like, he's just talking to the bridge.
But then you say out.
Can I play his Father's Day voicemail real quick?
It's 10 seconds.
It's about you.
You can't be my phone.
You know what a tight ship we run here.
I hope this is nice and tidy.
So anyways, yeah, sperm.
All right, here we go.
And my dad's also a great...
He's a great guy.
He's a little selfish, but he's great.
He's a pastor, right?
He's a pastor.
He's a minister.
He's a minister of God.
Yeah.
We were drinking a whole lot yesterday as we had to
because we were watching a shitty TV show all day.
What season was it?
Season, season, fan fiction, heart, no heart.
I'm so, so sorry.
Remember what he said?
What Greenblatt said, we're bringing the heart back?
I'm not allowed to express it.
I can't do it.
That's not fair.
I fuck you.
So we were drinking a lot right now.
What heart?
Where was the heart?
Well, the heart.
My heart.
My heart is the heart.
What about Bridget and Troy's really intimate love affair?
Did you guys see the fountain scene?
The heart.
Love.
Love has never been.
The heart was the size of regular baby's balls.
The heart in that show was as moving as balls.
It's a picture of balls.
I apologize.
Whatever.
No one cares what I think about community.
It's no stakes.
No one's going to fire me from anything.
You're not going to fire me.
You're only going to promote me if I am.
Excuse me.
Oh, but we were drinking and I got real emotional.
No.
We were drinking and we were talking about fathers.
I've done this many times before.
I've compared my father to Dan because he's a pastor and he has people who, he has a flock.
You know.
Right.
It's a whole thing.
But he's also really obsessed with himself and his, how.
It's not, you're not a flock.
You guys don't worry about that.
It's other people.
Cut to a guy in the back that's dressed like a sheep that hangs his head and walks out.
All right.
This is my dad's voicemail.
Wait, where's the speaker?
On the bottom.
Jesus Christ.
I know I'm in trouble when Jeff Davis is telling me a technical thing.
All right.
Here we go.
Hey, you're in this with Dan Holland say hi.
So Dan, what are you guys doing later?
It's fine.
I have a speaker.
Just wanted to let you know your, your boyfriend is a fat alcoholic piece of shit and he's,
he's going to live to 48 the way he eats.
It's a reference to the Chevy Chase voicemail.
All right.
Here we go.
Sorry, Andy.
Hi, Aaron.
This is dad.
I just like to give you a call.
I heard that Dan got the community back again.
So I just wanted to talk to you and get an update and see how y'all are doing.
We'll have you.
I'll talk to you later.
Bye-bye.
I mean, that's his father's day voicemail.
That's just a voicemail.
No, I know it's just a voicemail.
Aren't you supposed to be the one calling him for Father's Day?
Right?
Yes.
But you're a dad.
You have to say that.
By the way, you guys haven't talked about it.
For the podcast listeners, Spencer's dad looks like, if there was a superhero called dad,
you looked like the daddest dad ever.
No one's looked more dad.
Yeah, like the dad from Family Guy.
Regular son of someone was working in the nuclear facility when an unprecedented bolt
of dad energies turned him into...
You have a kind face, sensible glasses, a button-up shirt.
That's what it's really like.
Do you like to garden?
As a friend of mine said about a kind face, the kind of face that you'd like to shat on.
Oh.
That's just one variation.
Yes, I do like to garden, actually, although I'm getting too old for it now.
Vegetables, flowers?
Well, we had a backyard which was a two-to-one ratio hill, and I spent like two years of
my life making that into a kind of a sunset garden.
Since then, it's gone to seed and everything, but it was fun.
Right.
See, and then at this point, his foes, which are the people who can't have children are
shrinking and dying as he's explaining, but that was a weird reaction.
I was thinking that he was a superhero.
That's a weird bit.
Aaron, Aaron, I'm sorry.
Can we hear that message again?
Because that was fascinating.
I feel like I missed some of the nuance in that one.
I feel like maybe we could revisit that message.
I mean, maybe what we should do is listen to all of his voicemails and we kind of piece
it together.
It's meaningful to me because my dad, now my dad just talks to me about, damn, he doesn't
talk.
Which is fine, but I was thinking about the father-son connection.
It's true that Father's Day, I'm like, the golf clubs, I don't care.
I love my dad, but it's different.
There's not the same thing.
And then Mother's Day is, I guess Mother's Day would be more meaningful.
Yeah.
Well, Mother's Day came first.
And Father's Day, because I looked it up, because I was talking to our friend Lars from
Denmark.
Father's Day, there's different dates in different countries.
If you go to the Wikipedia page, it's like a big, long, complicated list of dates.
But it was an American invention.
It was then just adopted, I think, throughout the globe, but on different days.
Because they probably, I'm assuming that in Denmark, if we say, it has to be the third
Sunday of every June, they're like, well, that's Vaminsklingen.
Vaminsklingen.
You know what I do have?
Can't do it there.
You know what I do have is the recording of you leaving a voicemail for Bill Murray.
That doesn't matter.
It's as unremarkable.
I said, hello, Bill Murray.
It's Dan Harmon.
Give me a call.
3-2-3.
All right.
5-5-5.
So we should probably get to Dungeons & Dragons.
Spencer?
If you would pass out the character she's to Dan, and he'll pass us along, let's get
this shit underway.
Last time on Harmontown D&D, our heroes had just slain their shadows in a combat most
deadly on the shadowy shadow plane of Shadows, a slang which also returned the adventurers
to the material plane in the burnt down ruins of the Connie Forest.
Just then, a brilliant emerald energy was released as the soul of growth began soul of growing
the Connie Forest back to its former glory.
At the same time, quarks talking dagger exploded and the ensuing magical energy cloaked itself
in branches and roots and began speaking, claiming it was the soul of growth.
The entity greeted the travelers and thanked them for unwittingly releasing the trapped
spirit.
After arguing with a newly materialized force of nature, the gang picked a new name for the
Avatar of Seasons to avoid confusion, dubbing him Rudy Woodgrowth the third.
The nature spirit gave the heroes crazy awesome nature powers before ushering them through
a tree and outside of Yellow Camp, Sharpie's father's home.
But would it be as they expected a Father's Day reunion, or would it instead be a demon
infested nightmare?
We'll find out next.
This is going to be the best Father's Day ever.
Now who should clean their room?
Thanks Adam for the note that you left on my character sheet.
Maybe Liberty Spikes because that's cool and feminine.
I forgot to mention that, yeah, he put your character's hair into Liberty Spikes.
That happened.
That's how it works.
I'll just do whatever.
That's what Adam Goldberg says at the foot of every woman's bed at 5am as he refasses
his belt.
I gave you Liberty Spikes.
Welcome to the wonderful world.
She doesn't question it because she just wants him to leave so she's like, yeah, all right.
You'll find out what they are later.
Adam's note at the bottom of my page is, step E, I owned it, kisses Adam.
If you recall, you got season powers, but you didn't know how to use them, so Rudy Woodgrowth
the third was like, oh, I'll teach you your powers.
Well, I read here that I have the armlet of winter that I can use to call up a sleet storm
twice a day, 10 foot radius.
Enemies might fall down.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
They might fall down.
It's shorthand.
Right.
Also a Final Fantasy I reference.
But yeah.
So.
I can calm or intensify hail, sleet and snow.
Yeah.
I love it.
And I mean, there's no peace of mind like having that thing because even before you
use it twice a day, you could just say to the enemy, the way you rack a pump action shotgun,
you might fall down.
And a lot of times that's more powerful than actually having to use it.
Absolutely.
Or them actually falling down.
It's probable that you'll be clumsy.
Sorry.
I've got a 10 skill modifier on Intimidate, I bet I could combine those together.
Yeah.
He's like a pro, you know, Jeff's been playing a lot of D&D behind the scenes.
I'm learning, I'm figuring this shit out finally.
Yeah.
My armlet is the Armlet of Spring.
It can summon armor of thorny vines.
Yeah.
Twice a day.
You can command the vines to stop protecting you and lash out to entangle a foe.
After they stop entangling, they come back.
That sounds pretty cool.
Yeah.
And I can calm and slash intensify clouds.
No guys, wait for it, wait for it, I promise they're intensifying.
Just let's stir up everything.
Clouds, comma, showers.
Are you saying that you've looked at clouds from both sides now?
I don't know.
All right.
So the way I remember it is we went back to my dad's camp and what was in place there
was like Admiral Darkstar had taken it over and some weird shit was going on.
Yeah.
We went back out and do a field to see if we could learn to use our armlets.
We became the Four Seasons.
Yeah.
And there was the music that played and that was good.
So now we're in this field with Rudy Woodworth.
Rudy Woodgrowth III.
You named him.
And some armlets that might make people fall down.
All right, I go back in towards and examine the foes that we were facing before.
Okay.
So you kind of crawl under this yellow canvas and you're inside the interior.
It's open top so the sunlight is kind of shining down but you're situated between two kind of empty cages.
Peering between the cages you can see kind of hordes of people that look like they're in rags kind of tied to a large turbine kind of system.
So they're not a turbine, whatever.
They're spinning.
They're like moving it around like cattle kind of being whipped by demons.
So the main foes you see are these three gaunt demons with these scraggly kind of tentacly like beards and they're whipping these people and they seem kind of prominent.
And occasionally you see kind of lurking guards of these slimy slug guys that look kind of like half human monstrosities and half slugs, flesh colored sliding around on the ground in patrols.
All right.
Sharpie, we're here to meet your dad.
Is your dad gone or is he here?
Well, I mean, this is where he was.
I mean, it's father's day Sharpie.
Well, yeah, but I mean, you can't expect everything to sync up perfectly.
I don't know.
Did you hear that intro?
I know.
Maybe I could use blood magic to locate my father like I did that one time.
Yeah.
Blood magic under special abilities because I forced it with bad improv.
Yep.
It works in this world.
What do they do?
You cut yourself and you meditated on the ensuing blood.
Cut.
The cosmic sounds of belt whippings.
The blood it drops to the floor and sinks into the ground, but it kind of after sinking into the ground, it kind of comes back out and beads up and forms a kind of arrow that leads like kind of into this area.
Nice.
Thank you.
Happy Father's Day.
I told you the father said bonds bigger than any system.
I go on with these guys.
I explain.
Okay.
I start crawling like slow and low to the ground along the direction of that arrow.
And I look back and I give them that kind of Vietnam hand signal where you put a hand up and you wave them forward.
And I point out to the foes and I said, we got three slug monsters.
We got slug monsters in the wire.
Okay.
That happens.
All right.
I start approaching.
But are we inside or outside this tent?
So if quark actually came through, I'm assuming you guys did too, but maybe you didn't.
As long as it felt safe.
Yeah.
I went through.
There we go.
So are these foes?
You said these foes are past foes.
Like we don't need to.
I don't remember.
No, we saw them.
We never fought them.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Cause you were gone.
So you came into this tent, right?
Sorry.
It's fine.
I didn't even.
It's Father's Day.
You're a daughter.
Maybe one day a mother.
No.
So you went, you went into this tent and you saw all these demons and then you left.
And now you're coming back.
I'm distracted by how sorry the audience felt for me in that moment.
I don't understand.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Okay.
Got it.
I'm not explaining it twice.
No, I know.
Oh, he just hung up when you fucking father styled.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Okay.
What's happening?
Probably demons.
All right.
How close am I to the nearest foe?
So you're pretty close to like a small slithering patrol of these slug dudes.
You're pretty far away from the nearest, the big beardy demon.
Those guys are kind of in the very center of the camp and you're still pretty much on
the periphery.
All right.
Don't get mad when I ask you this.
Where are we?
You're, you're in yellow camp.
We're in the yellow camp inside the tent.
Sensor's dad, how do you, how do you feel right now watching being on stage with your son?
Oh, it's, it's awesome.
Especially like when he does a little smile, you know, a little kind of impish smile after,
after he just dissed you, but then he smiles to let you know he's just kidding.
I mean, I can confidently say don't think I've ever been happier than I am.
Sensor gives daggers to his dad through his eyes.
For real?
My game.
I lost.
He says, dad, get the hell off of stage and stop embarrassing my bearded ass.
I couldn't, not on Father's Day.
I couldn't do it on Father's Day.
Any other day.
So, so I have a plan of attack.
Can I go?
Yeah.
Well, I'm putting on the armlet of autumn, which can make me invisible.
And I'm going straight for the big ass demon in the middle.
And I'm going to use my poison dagger to try and put him away.
Use that poison dagger.
Now, can I ask, would that be a sneak attack?
Well, yeah, since I'm invisible, I guess it would have to be.
There has never been a better podcast ever.
Dad?
Dungeon Dad Snap.
There's Klaid in the back.
Let's all drink it and just die and float it.
Well, let me ask you this, son.
Was it a sneak attack when I drove you to McDonald's to meet your friends and you made me drop
you off two blocks away?
I've never done that, right?
Why couldn't you be invisible, Dad?
Son, your words are like a poison dagger sometimes.
You don't realize how bad they can wound.
You just dealt six hit points to my frylings.
What is your father-son bonding activity?
Like, do you have something that you guys enjoy doing together?
Like, fishing or...
I know you guys don't play D&D together.
These watch Gossip Girl.
I mean, is there a show that you guys watch together?
No.
Sometimes I might, when he was home and he was watching Adventure Time, I might sit down with him
and enjoy Jake and Finn.
Since your dad loves you, let him in.
No.
No dice.
This is a source of pain.
I don't know why all of you are laughing.
Because it's not us.
Oh, my gosh.
What I wouldn't give for a dad that would come to a show that I did.
My dad asked me routinely, how is your internet talk going?
Yeah, but you don't want to listen.
No, I certainly don't, no.
Yeah, exactly.
This is great.
Well, maybe you guys should, you know, model trains or like there's got to be something.
You guys ever go out in the backyard, fire up the grill?
I built him a dice tower once for D&D.
We built it together.
Oh, well, that's a thing.
That's not something we do.
That's one thing we did.
Let me in, son.
My heart is like a cold dungeon.
Talk it out the only way you know, Spencer.
You're examining my personal feelings as well as past events.
Andy, are you and Spencer's mom experiencing any sort of empty nest syndrome following something?
She is.
Yeah.
But she follows.
Is she making you wear a beard?
No, she'd like for me to grow my mustache back.
I got too many bomb chicka-bombs.
I keep seeing glimmers of your sexuality.
It's horrifying.
No, no.
And glimmers of Spencer's dad's sexuality is the name of my book.
My dad one night agreed to build a robot with me.
And for the rest of my life, there was this half-built robot in the basement.
Metaphor.
And you're like, dad, can we finish this metaphor?
And he's like, the fact that it will never be finished is the complete metaphor.
All right, so Andy as Christopher has just sneak attacked invisibly into the yellow camp.
Yeah, that happened.
Anyway, so yeah, you creep in unseen up on this, up on this demon dude, you know, straight up,
and you roll your attack, which I already rolled like five minutes ago.
And you strike as you do as you've done so many times.
Why am I here?
Please let me out.
Please release me.
Dealing.
24 damage.
Shit.
He really is Spencer's dad.
Unfortunately, demons are immune to poison.
Give him that.
Yeah, so that happens.
Spencer, before this is over, I want you both to roll a hug check.
Save versus bonding.
My dream would be for Spencer and Andy to switch places.
His dad to Dungeon Master.
I wouldn't work.
I don't get it.
This is so fascinating.
I really have never been happier.
I love your dad more than I love anyone in my family.
I, through my armlet of summer, I have acquired fiery arrows.
Yeah, that's true.
I fire a single good fiery arrow at the enemy.
Okay, so she has a plus seven on adjectives for her arrows.
Just, I should remind you, if you read yourselves in the trappings
of your fiery armor that grants your arrows flamingness,
that would give away your position.
Either way, I mean, you could still do it, but I should warn you.
Well, I have a sack and some...
Oh.
Now, is that sack made of asbestos?
Thank you.
Thank you, Jerky Bill.
How about cool rock bill these days?
It's rock bill?
Cool rock bill.
Are you referring to his satin-y shirt?
I'm just trying to go with new bill.
I think it's open like jasmine bill.
He gave cool rocks to people, you guys.
Do you not remember this?
Yes, yes.
Bill's biggest advocate.
Me too.
Yeah, Bill.
He gave rocks to your birthday?
He gave rocks to people in the audience today.
Bill, they gave me rocks.
Yeah.
I didn't get her rocks.
It's this whole thing.
Beef Jerky Bill's going to just spend some more rocks while this game happens, everybody.
If you podcast listeners hear a strange jingle-jangle of stones slapping together gently,
like ripples through a stream.
Beef Jerky Bill's wearing what can only be described as Neil Diamond's last tour shirt.
It's kind of a dark, brown, coppery, satin affair with some nice cufflinks.
I really like that, Bill.
It's definitely like an 8,000 thread count shirt.
I like this.
He's sifting to the crowd with a giant Ziploc baggie full of stones.
I don't want to encourage you to give a tangent, but what's the deal with the stones?
What's the story?
It's this whole thing.
Normally a guy in Hollywood with a satin shirt walking around slinging rock is a whole different thing.
I really wish there was someone here to rival Stone Beef Jerky Bill named Sand Andrew.
Who? Just started handing out stories.
Wouldn't it be amazing if Beef Jerky Bill's dad was here?
And he just had a bag of, I don't know, like model trains.
Can we make next week just an arbitrary specific gift night where everybody brings the crowd?
It's just like a big show.
Give a pageant of gifts?
Yeah, we'll do a little show until everybody has to bring the treats.
We'll do an episode where the theme is derailment.
So that the show is not derailed.
So I don't want to give away my position.
So with my sack and my bedroll.
Both flammable.
You're going to launch an attack on demons with a sack and a sleeping bag?
It'll have to be clear that I'm not doing a bed and this is how I like to play.
We play a private D&D game.
We play a private D&D game and we were trying to get 50 pounds of copper out of a mine.
And Erin pipes in and goes, and she plays an older gentleman who's a bard.
And she put forth the concept of taking the cheese that she has and melting it so we could slide the copper out of the mine.
It's not that crazy.
She was greasing the bottom of the sack.
How much cheese did she carry?
I had to explain like carrying capacity to everyone and then we were like, oh, everyone can carry all the copper.
It's fine.
Right, but I still wanted to slide my copper.
Anyway, after that night, Dan had a very serious talk with me, which was, do you care about this game?
Are you taking it seriously?
Absolutely.
You're making it sound like I was yelled at you after everyone left for the cheese.
And then he hit me with his bag of holder.
It's the fact that 90% of the time, you put a beard on when everyone's coming over, you put snacks out.
You do everything like you host this party.
Everyone comes over and plays D&D.
But then you also, throughout the night, you're like, it seems like you're barely focused on the game and that you're not enjoying it.
And I was saying to you that night, because I was saying, it seems like you're not enjoying it.
I think if you sit in a chair and focus on the game, it's like that.
And you were like, I just wanted to melt cheese into the thing.
I was like, I'm not yelling at you over the fucking cheese thing.
I love what a sassy neighborhood kid I am.
I think I have it in the same way that you say that you have Asperger's.
I have adult ADHD and it's a serious thing.
I'm just wondering if sliding your copper is some kind of sexual euphemism.
I'm not going to sleep with you, Spencer's dad.
I have a boyfriend and you have a wife.
It gets so complicated.
Does ADHD stand for always Dan Harmon defying?
Devoted.
Well, Dan is right.
I could be more focused during D&D.
You're not paying attention a hell of a lot during that game.
There's a syndrome where if you don't pay enough attention during D&D, then it's hard.
Then you come sit down and it's like, you need to get immersed in the game, baby.
Shut up, shut up, lady.
I know, yes, she puts out a plate of baby carrots.
She sharpens pencils.
I'm no stranger to the sacrifices she's making.
But I would give all that up for her to have a good time.
I want her to enjoy herself during the game.
I would rather just go to the Roosevelt Hotel and rent a bungalow.
Let's go to the fucking Chateau Marmont and do a big bag of Coke and play Dungeons & Dragons.
Have people bring shit to us.
Let me die that way.
Let there be black and white autopsy photos of me with a die in my fist.
After that conversation, I realized that I was being distracting to other people because I was distracted.
But I wasn't unhappy.
Especially me, though, because I'm your boyfriend.
I don't think anyone else cares that much.
It does come off to me that you don't really enjoy playing the actual game.
The game is not something that you particularly are invested in.
No, I do have a good time.
I get distracted by hosting, which I really enjoy.
I really like putting out snacks.
The snacks are out.
No, I know.
You don't have this chip in your brain that gives you joy when you're taking care of people.
I get distracted by that.
I get distracted by people being hungry.
I also get distracted by being drunk and being like,
I've got an idea.
What if a puppy was a therapist?
I should think about this.
That's an actual note in my phone that I saw tonight that I was writing during D&D.
I was like, yeah, a puppy should be a therapist.
But meanwhile, we're getting our asses slashed to pieces by hobgoblins and shit.
To be fair, in the first couple of games when I suggested what I was really invested,
I suggested the things that I was taking very seriously.
You shut me down.
I felt, please don't do that.
That makes me want to kill myself.
How did I shut you down?
No, I'm fine.
When we were talking, this is getting very specific.
And Pittsburgh-y.
When we were...
Well, I'm glad we're talking about this.
It's not a big deal.
But when we were giving our personal bios of our characters,
and I know what you're going to say after I say this, but I was...
I want to hear that too.
I was giving the bio of my character Mordecai Stumpgarden.
I was really excited to play.
And in the middle of me explaining my origin story,
in which I said, because I wanted to have a connection with you in this story,
I said, well, and I think that, you know, because we're both...
This is getting real deep.
We're both halflings in the thing.
I suggested, I said, well, and my character and Jeff's character,
we both have a secret connection.
And then I continued to explain my story.
And in the middle of it, Jeff was like, are you done?
Is that it?
And I was like...
That's not what happens.
Absolutely not what happens.
Well, it was something adjacent to all your...
Are you done?
Are you done? You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, you said...
We have a secret connection.
We have a mysterious past together.
I didn't know what my character was.
We just picked our character.
I didn't know who I was.
And I was like, what?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I just threw it out there.
I didn't know what it would be.
I was unable to, yes and that,
because I didn't know what my fucking character was.
And then you told me to stop explaining my character.
And then I told you to go fuck yourself,
and I kicked you in the dick and took your wallet.
Oh god, I'm sorry, I was a terrible person then.
No, you're not a terrible person then.
I'm sorry if you felt shut off by that.
It was not my intention.
It's really not a big deal.
You were offering something, and I didn't know how to further that.
I didn't know what was going on.
This is a reference to a Dungeons & Dragons game
to which you guys are not invited.
Meanwhile, that's so much more interesting now.
You have been totally delightful during Dungeons & Dragons.
I feel, it's more about me.
I think maybe I'm an idiot,
but my ideas are, I want to make contraptions
out of the things that I have on my list,
and I want to put cheese on bags,
and maybe it's stupid.
And in the middle of my description,
it was made known to me that it was silly
and a little too out there.
And I'm the lowest common denominator.
So...
To what?
Well, I have a really good time during Dungeons & Dragons.
Well, I don't think that's fair.
First of all, if you want your role to be,
if what you delight in is saying,
okay, I have a sack in my inventory,
and I have an eagle in my inventory,
I want to put the sack over the eagle
and turn it into an eagle sack and use that to think,
people around you have a right
to look at you with their mouth open.
No, totally. They do.
That's part of our enjoyment of it.
See, if you look around the room,
no one's going to be looking at you with their hand on their chin
going like, go on.
It's like working with Nikola Tesla.
No, no, I don't care about that.
I really don't care about that.
The thing that makes me kind of shut up a little bit
is that my worst nightmare is that
it feels like I'm
saying those things during our D&D game
because I am like,
well, fuck it, I'll just do whatever.
But really, I'm putting all of my
little brain cells
into one little package.
It's not all the time.
There's been times when you're so up and down,
you're in the kitchen, you're there,
and as we're going around, we'll be in a combat thing,
and everyone kind of has to be aware
of who's where and who's holding what
and what's going on, and then it comes back to you
and it'll be a reset
because somebody's not in the room like that.
Even if I get it for a second to go make a drink,
you come back in and you've missed stuff.
I'm totally right, I'm sorry.
You keep dropping your goddamn character shades all over the place.
I just love feeling like a queen.
Pick it up, Spencer's dad. I'm a queen.
Thank you.
All right, come on.
All right, so you fire an arrow at the demon.
She's a fucking arrow.
Everyone dies.
Shit. Happy Father's Day to me.
What were you going to do with the sack?
You brought the sack out for a reason, right?
Well, okay.
So I want to take the sack out on the federal out
because I want to make a moron dummy.
So you're saying this sack
is as big as Spencer's sack?
I'm not going to sleep with you, Spencer's sack.
No matter how many times
you pick up those character sheets,
it's not going to happen.
No matter how many times
you pick up those character sheets,
it's not going to happen.
You're right, I am very distracted during your game
and I'll try to be less distracted.
So I am going to...
We just want you to have fun.
We want everyone there to be enjoying the game itself.
I think the audience wants to be enjoying the game itself.
Fair enough. Look, they got rocks.
Yeah, usually when they come here
and put their $10 down, what do they get?
Jonah Ray talking about eating pussy.
I don't know.
Tonight they got a rock.
They saw you cry.
Yeah, I cried about my dad, you got a rock.
Fuck you guys.
All right, let's...
Let's at least work...
This shit about community.
Let's at least earn one experience point
to this fucking campaign.
You said that if I shot my fire arrow,
I would give away my position.
So this is my plan.
I would like to put my bedroll inside my sack.
I'm not going to sleep with you, Erin.
I put my bedroll in my sack
and I put it in the corner of the room.
What is the shape of the room?
Is it an octagon?
It's like a pentagon.
Okay, cool.
So I put it in one corner of this pentagon shape.
And I also take some of my hair
and I put it...
How? How do you do that?
I pull it out of my head because I'm a fucking badass
and I don't give a shit.
These Liberty spikes.
Adam...
You're welcome.
Oh, boy.
Adam, we are Goldberg-ing ourselves tonight.
We know...
This is self Goldberg-ing.
You are alive and well on this day.
This is a self Goldberg show, pre-Goldberg.
It's like acid washed jeans.
We don't need to...
I happen to have, as everyone knows,
I have a scarf around my waist that is the same color as my hair.
And I take it off
and I throw it on top of this
bed sack inside.
I...
And everyone knows that I'm fast as light.
I fire
my arrow
and I run away.
Like, I fire it in front of my dummy.
I run to another corner
and I'm able to...
I shape myself into, like, a slug
shape.
And I...
Let me see your character sheet.
That's not on there.
But as, like, a...
a humanic...
As a humanoid creature, I can, like,
just shape my body.
I'm a slug and I kind of spit up
on my chin and I'm like,
What the heck?
You're going to get us all killed again.
I don't know. They might feel sorry for us.
At least melt the cheese
or we can eat.
They might just put money
at our feet and leave.
So, what do I roll?
I roll!
Let's keep it, let's keep it going.
Okay.
So she does all that.
There's an Eric Clapton playing
while we watch her do all that.
Okay.
To start, I rolled a 5,
a 4 and a 5.
So, let that frame
the results.
Cobbling together a quick makeshift mannequin
in an attempt to disguise
attention from yourself.
You swiftly put it into position
before loosing an arrow from your bow.
After that, you run
and attempt to disguise yourself
like a slug person.
A humanic slug.
Your arrow goes wide,
plummeting to the ground
as if it were dropped.
You take off down the hall,
but not the hall.
You just take off down the whatever
and you get to your destination
and jump into a slug.
You're right near like a
kind of a detachment of slugs moving by
as if you're trying to blend in with them.
Starting to realize this is not a good idea.
You're starting to realize that?
What's this being told back?
When you hear it back, it sounds weird, right?
Well, when you say it...
It wasn't that finely boned
gem that you thought it was.
The judging master is Ricky Ricardo.
I don't want to blow anyone's mind,
but I'm starting to realize
I don't think it's very good at Dungeons & Dragons.
There's better tools for the
ploys you're trying to pull.
It's not always a bag and a bed roll.
Sometimes there's like
magical pigments.
Or yeah, major creation
involved. Who knows?
That's some deep snow.
So what happened? Everyone believed it.
The anime?
The makeshift mannequin falls apart.
It topples the pieces because it's two things
arranged near each other.
You understand, logically, it just has to be
a distraction. Where is this coming from?
This is a magical world where maybe
a bed roll is shooting arrows.
Who knows?
You'd be like, oh, the bed roll
people are here.
But if you roll low,
that entails you do a poor job.
And your effect is as grand
as you'd hoped.
So this is a sack
placed atop a bed roll.
Erin, can we all get together one night and play
D&D Your Way?
I would love it.
As an experiment, can you play
Mulraineing tonight?
We'll make cakes and the baby
carrots and we'll all do this stuff.
But we also have to do peyote.
And there's no
actual combat allowed. You get punished
if you just have a sword in your hand
and you're stuck there.
Everything has to be played
as if you're playing a 1995
DreamWorks Interactive video game.
I used the rake
to find the wallet.
I mean, really, that made my heart
so full. I hope you're not joking.
No, I'd love to. I actually would.
DreamWorks did some great video games in the 90s.
All right, Spencer's Dad, because it's Father's Day
and the show's getting, we're getting
toward that bewitching hour right now.
Why don't you fire one parting shot
around the world? All right.
Well, I'm going to fire two blinding
bombs. A load, if you will.
In Prepper Father fashion,
he's going to fire two blinding bombs
and blame one on the dog.
Yeah.
I mean, technically speaking,
it's not your turn.
Spencer. Spencer, roll
for a hug right now.
Roll for a father hug.
Don't tell him what to do.
I'm going to roll for a hug and let's see
what it actually comes up with.
Is it you hugging your dad or your dad hugging you?
The die result will determine that.
Okay.
Trust me.
That's a 15.
That's a hit.
That's a solid hit.
So who hugs whom? Wrapping his arms
around his club.
Really?
I'm not going to really do it.
Finish it. Finish it.
I don't know. Oh, what? Finish what?
At the end of Harmontown,
they sit staring in stunned silence,
hoping that father and son
will interact.
Their hopes were
for nothing.
Hey,
that's me.
That's who I am.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
We wouldn't want you any other way, Spencer.
We love you.
Let's hear it for Andy, Spencer's father.
Thank you, sir.
Hug.
Hug. Hug.
Thank you once again.
Thank you, Erin McGathy.
We have a special D&D date
done Erin McGathy style.
I think the takeaway
is
be a father
to everyone around you,
and don't anticipate anything from them.
Your son
will be whatever kind of son he wishes to be.
But if he's your son,
you should be proud of him.
I thought I could rip it.
Dan Harmon, everybody.
Happy Father's Day.
I love you, Dad.